Update project structure documentation for PostHog/posthog repo (#13849)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/project-structure.md

```
.
├── bin              # Shell scripts for building, testing, and running PostHog

> ├── common           # Shared code: HogQL parser, HogVM, shared UI packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── common           # Shared code: PostHog SQL parser, HogVM, shared UI packages
```

### `posthog`

The Django backend application. Key subdirectories:

- `api` – REST API endpoints and serializers
- `clickhouse` – ClickHouse schema definitions and migrations
- `hogql` – HogQL query language compiler and executor
- `models` – Django ORM models (PostgreSQL)
- `tasks` – Celery background tasks

### `products`

Product-specific code organized as **vertical slices**. Each product folder contains its own backend (Django app), frontend (React), and optionally shared code. This structure allows features to evolve independently.

See the [products README](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/blob/master/products/README.md) for detailed conventions.

### `plugin-server`

Node.js service responsible for:
- Event ingestion and processing
- Running plugins and data pipelines
- Webhook delivery

### `rust`

High-performance Rust services including:
- `capture` – Event capture endpoint
- `feature-flags` – Feature flag evaluation
- `cymbal` – Error tracking symbolication
- Various workers and utilities

### `common`

Shared code used across the codebase:
- `hogql_parser` – HogQL parser (C++)
- `hogvm` – Hog virtual machine
- `tailwind` – Shared Tailwind configuration

### `ee`

> Enterprise Edition features. This directory has a [separate license](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/blob/master/ee/LICENSE) - not MIT. For 100% FOSS code, see [PostHog/posthog-foss](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-foss).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enterprise platform package features. This directory has a [separate license](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/blob/master/ee/LICENSE) - not MIT. For 100% FOSS code, see [PostHog/posthog-foss](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-foss).
```

> Enterprise platform package features. This directory has a [separate license](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/blob/master/ee/LICENSE) - not MIT. For 100% FOSS code, see [PostHog/posthog-foss](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-foss).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enterprise edition licensed features. This directory has a [separate license](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/blob/master/ee/LICENSE) - not MIT. For 100% FOSS code, see [PostHog/posthog-foss](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-foss).
```
